tonight we had the three our season
finale of bachelor in paradise
this the finale started tonight with
each couple deciding whether or not they
want to spend the night in the fantasy
suites and surprise surprise almost all
of them did want to spend the night I
think we sometimes forget there's a show
on ABC that's basically just a televised
brothel there's no contest it's just a
random hump fest and but the big news
tonight on that show was the new
bachelor they announced that the new
bachelor is Peter from The Bachelorette
last season he's best known for doing it
in a windmill a few times Peter is also
a pilot and looking for love you know
it's hard for pilots to find love they
did you know but he can't begin this
amazing journey until he's been sworn in
and there's only one person licensed by
the state of California to do that and
that person happens to be me so with
that said I'd like you to please welcome
The Bachelor elect Peter Webber
everybody Peter come
[Applause]
[Music]
right there
Peter first of all I want to say I think
they made a very good choice with you
thank you but you know we have to go
through a process before it will begin
officially we got to make it official
all right please place your right hand
right hand this People magazine all
right and raise your left hand
I'm ready do you Peter solemnly swear to
date 25 women simultaneously as millions
of Americans watch and judge your every
move I do do you promise not to give a
first-impression rose to a woman dressed
as an animal I do do you promise to get
choked up when you have to make your
final choice between two dental
hygienist do you swear to stare
wistfully out at the sky contemplation
shot thank you yes do you promise to
keep the crazy girl all the other girls
hate on the show these four weeks even
though you have zero intention of
marrying her I do promise to make love
in a windmill should you happen upon one
I do do you promise to make love and on
a solar panel just to recap that
renewable and I do yes do you promise to
cry somewhere in the middle of either
episode 5 or episode 6 I do do you
promise to be madly in love with two
women three hours before you propose to
one of them work I do yeah you promise
to narrow it down to the pretty one and
the intelligent one who's also pretty
but maybe not as pretty and get
everyone's hopes up that maybe just
maybe this time you will choose the
interesting one only to pick the pretty
one in the end I do so help you God so
help me God alright well then by the
power vested in me by the American
Broadcasting Company I now pronounce you
the bachelor ladies enjoy
[Applause]
[Music]
Thank You Gator good luck tonight on the
show Senator Cory Booker is here oh hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it